update one test standardize (#123)
IGNF/ign-pdal-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- las_comparison : update return value with number of different points and percentage of different points

> - standardize_format : add test for dimension renaming 
> - standardize_format do not use las2las anymore : lasinfo's Warning when reading final las are not relevent after pdal writen. 

Reviewer: proposition qui sonne plus anglais (j'ai l'impression) : 
```suggestion
- standardize_format: 
  - add test for dimension renaming 
  - do not use las2las anymore: was used to remove lasinfo Warning which has been fixed on pdal side
```
